hey whats up guys al JV game here with
another dota 2 fun
and today I want to go
bottle crowing and this is something you
don't see a lot in pub games or very
rarely unless you're like a high tier
you know very very high tier I dumb it's
very good it's pretty much standard
practice in the protein and it's
actually really really really
advantageous to use to smart very smart
efficient use on your courier and it may
help you dominate the mid lane
definitely now this is you usually use
if you don't have room controls or if
you miss the rune or if you just haven't
get ganked or something and you need
health let's say you're like down half
health completely empty bottle and let's
use up my bottle charges right now so
see you like this and sit in this
situation and you have health all bottle
charges used he just ticks so the other
guy just took the rune and there's not
another one for two minutes and this
basically will kick you out of the mid
lane and you won't be able to be very
aggressive in doing your ass and get lat
states or spam anything because you had
no mana so what you can do is just wait
to two minutes and play very very
passively missing out on experience last
hits and aggression and harassment on
the other mid player or can do is select
to your courier put your bottle in the
courier have him take it home don't know
how's mess up put it that kid named you
then has this guy return to base just so
your last sitting here for you
come on oh she looks pretty good with
alacrity yes ok CeCe it's in base and
now you see that it is actually full so
the courier can take your bottle back I
go fill it up while you're playing and
bring it to you and you have it
completely full bottle now this can
drastically turn the tide of the mid
battle for you and winning men can be a
very huge thing for your ear open for
your team this allows you to be the
first one to be start ganking it will
get you to your ultimate faster if it's
a hero that's important and needs is
ultimate up like puck is one of those
heroes it allows you to get more our
last hits get to your key items faster
and it pretty much just allows you to
dominate the mid lane which is a pretty
pretty much one of one of the most
important things of the very early game
and all because of borrowing it really
is a great thing to do so um there it is
guys pretty simple it's not really into
complicate it's just a lot of people are
not aware of it elasticity and just
having soreness allow you to accel
definitely so that is bottled crowing
and this has been a ljb gaming if you
guys like the content please subscribe
and I'll see you guys later
you